# Today, I learned 
- English

# Acitivity
## What I did for learning English today with time tracking
- 1hour: Watch English content

## Activity Score
- Tier: Bronze
- How long: 1hours
- Score 2/10: Over 1hour used English, watched fun content using diverse words, and understood over 50%, or tried to understand new words at least one over.

## How much do you feel free to watch English content than my native content?
- Almost 80% of English content feels free to me; I watch content in English more than content in my native language these days.

## How do I get a better Activity Score by tomorrow than today
- Need energy.

## What content was best for you today?
- Link: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2exnw9bXwuA&list=LL&index=1
- Title: fun
- Did you understand over 80%:  Yes, I did
- What was good?
1. Easy words
2. Familiar words
3. I wanted to find these kinds of content.

## How you will save time for learning English.
- 10min while washing my face + 20min while coming to office + 20min while eating lunch + 20min taking a rest + 20min after back to workout + 20min while eating dinner + 20min while back to the office. So I can save almost 2hour per day.
- Extra time for learning development as English can use 2hour per day.
- While working in English, I can use 8hours per day.
- Total I can save time 12hours per day.

## To achieve a better score, What does not do to be more focused on using English?
- It might be a workout. Unfortunately, these days are quite so cold, so my performance is down. 

## Did you everyday use in English?
- No, I did not. Even I watched over 30min English content, but I forgot to post to discord. It is my fault. 

## Did you check the grammar of this article?
-Yes, I did; I used grammarly.com 
