# Today, I learned 
- English

# Activity
## What I did for learning English today with time tracking
- 30min: Communication in English related to business.
- 30min: Watched Youtube in English content realted to fun.

## Q. Ban Condition: Has your current action avoided the ban condition for your improvement?
- Yes I did

## Activity Score
- Tier: Bronze
- How long: 1hour
Score 1/10: Watch youtube I watched fun the contents.

## How much do you feel free to watch English content than my native content?
- Almost 80% of English content feels free to me; I watch content in English more than content in my native language these days.

## Did you get a better activity score than yesterday?
- I did not, because I watched YouTube get knowledge of what is made in my native language. The quality of some content is better than in English. This is why I spend more time watching native language content than English content.

## What content was best for you today?
- Link: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oUg5kzOjTG4

## What was good?
1. Easy words
2. Familiar words

## How would you get time for learning English to better activity score than today?
- 10min while washing my face + 20min while coming to office + 20min while eating lunch + 20min taking a rest + 20min after back to workout + 20min while eating dinner + 20min while back to the office. So I can save almost 2hour per day.
- Extra time for learning development as English can use 2hour per day.
- While working in English, I can use 8hours per day.
- Total I can save time 12hours per day.

## Did you everyday use in English?
-Yes, I did.

## Did you check the grammar of this article?
-Yes, I did; I used grammarly.com 

## Did you try to make this article better sentence?
-Yes, I did; I used wordtune.com
