# Today, I learned 
- English

# Share Info
## What content was best(comprehensible) for you today?
A comprehensive input is essential. 
Do not make the mistake that just input has meaning.
So what content was comprehensible today?
- Link: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=49LFJ1Stmwk

What was good for this?
- I wanted to know more about Jira's components. While watching several videos and blogs, I couldn't understand why I need to use it. This is a higher level concept. 
I want to know best practice about it. There is an official document that says it is "groups of several issues". Ok, now I understand.
[Link](https://support.atlassian.com/jira-software-cloud/docs/organize-work-with-components/#:~:text=They%20are%20used%20to%20group,default%20assignee%20for%20a%20component.)

## What is your search keyword to improve your knowledge?
### Business
- bitcoin, commercial marketing review 

### Next Todo Development
- wordpress best environment = wordpress git version control with vercel.
- mathematics coding
- amplify studio, nodejs, react2022, cloudrun, lambda architecture, AWS architecture, GCP architecture, how to find good developer, cheap server operation tip, CloudFront real experience, docker ECS, docker Fagate, how to reduce server price with AWS, ambda+ API gateway + dynamodb + amplify zero price.
- aws aurora serverless
- sotheby's, banksyfilm

#### Ref Links.

# Self Checklist
## Did you check the grammar of this article?
- Yes, I did; I used grammarly.com 

## Did you try to make this article better sentence?
- Yes, I did; I used wordtune.com

## Did you try to make better pronunciation?
No I did not, but I found good for it. It named is "Dictation" - Speech to text from mac app
https://otter.ai/ is not better as well, but I did't test enough.

Score 10/10

## Did you get a better activity score than yesterday?
- Yes I did.



