# Today, I learned 
- English

# Activity
## What I did for learning English today with time tracking
- 30min: Watched Youtube in English content realted to fun.
- 2hours: Translate English document.

## Q. Ban Condition: Has your current action avoided the ban condition for your improvement?
- Yes I did.

## Did you everyday use in English?
- Yes I did, I posted over two days in succession.

## How much do you feel free to watch English content than my native content?
- Almost 80% of English content feels free to me; I watch content in English more than content in my native language these days.

## Did you get a better activity score than yesterday?
- Yes I did, coffe was so helpful and atmosphere lively in the coffe shop was helpful.

## What content was best for you today?
- Link: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q1d34QFM7CU&list=LL&index=1

### What was good?
1. Diverse words help me to improve my English.

## Did you check the grammar of this article?
-Yes, I did; I used grammarly.com 

## Did you try to make this article better sentence?
-Yes, I did; I used wordtune.com

# (Remove guide when you post on discord) 
* Guide:
If you use the same sentence as favor points, it has no meaning. 
Even if that is the only reason, it would be enough to compel other friends to help figure out what this content is really good at.

## How would you get time for learning English to better activity score than today?
- 10min while washing my face + 20min while coming to office + 20min while eating lunch + 20min taking a rest + 20min after back to workout + 20min while eating dinner + 20min while back to the office. So I can save almost 2hour per day.
- Extra time for learning development as English can use 2hour per day.
- While working in English, I can use 8hours per day.
- Total I can save time 12hours per day.

## Activity Score
- Tier: Bronze
- How long: two and half hour.
Score 5/10: I had the knowledge, but I used my native language. I watched study content related to development or business then gained knowledge from English content. I need to use my native language in some cases since some concepts are new to me.

