# Today, I learned 
- English

# Activity
## What I did for learning English today with time tracking
- 30min: Watched Youtube in English content related to fun.
- 1hour: Translate English document to get knowledge. 

## Has your current action avoided the ban condition for your improvement?
- Yes I did.

## Did you everyday use in English?
- Yes I did, I posted over five days in succession.

## Did you get a better activity score than yesterday?
- No, I didn't, I required energy, so I think I should workout.

## What content was best for you today?
- Link: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p3CvMg_3ljw&list=LL&index=2

### What was good?
1. Diverse words help me to improve my English.

## Did you check the grammar of this article?
-Yes, I did; I used grammarly.com 

## Did you try to make this article better sentence?
-Yes, I did; I used wordtune.com

## Did you try to make better pronunciation?
-Yes, I did; I used a pronunciation practice system provided by Google. It's free and very useful.

## How would you get time for learning English to better activity score than today?
- 10min while washing my face + 20min while coming to office + 20min while eating lunch + 20min taking a rest + 20min after back to workout + 20min while eating dinner + 20min while back to the office. So I can save almost 2hour per day.
- Extra time for learning development as English can use 2hour per day.
- While working in English, I can use 8hours per day.
- Total I can save time 12hours per day.

## Activity Score
- Tier: Bronze
- How long: one and half hour.
- Score 1/10: Just try to watch.
