# Today, I learned 
- English

# Activity
## What I did for learning English today with time tracking
- 1hour: Communication in English related to business.
- 1hour: Wrote an English business document.
- 1hour: Watched Youtube in English content realted to development.

## Q. Ban Condition: Has your current action avoided the ban condition for your improvement?
- Yes I did

## Activity Score
- Tier: Bronze
- How long: 3hour
Score 7/10: Get feedback from human I got feedback over two hours. These are examples of business talk, chatting, business communication, YouTube replies, Reddit responses, Twitter replies, and Reddit comments.

## How much do you feel free to watch English content than my native content?
- Almost 80% of English content feels free to me; I watch content in English more than content in my native language these days.

## Did you get a better activity score than yesterday?
- Yes I did, condition is good.

## What content was best for you today?
- Link: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y0OtjJzHspM

## What was good?
1. It is kind of question and answer plus funny. It is much helpful to learn English.

(Remove guide when you post on discord) * Guide:
If you use the same sentence as favor points, it has no meaning. 
Even if that is the only reason, it would be enough to compel other friends to help figure out what this content is really good at.

## How would you get time for learning English to better activity score than today?
- 10min while washing my face + 20min while coming to office + 20min while eating lunch + 20min taking a rest + 20min after back to workout + 20min while eating dinner + 20min while back to the office. So I can save almost 2hour per day.
- Extra time for learning development as English can use 2hour per day.
- While working in English, I can use 8hours per day.
- Total I can save time 12hours per day.

## Did you everyday use in English?
-Yes, I did.

## Did you check the grammar of this article?
-Yes, I did; I used grammarly.com 

## Did you try to make this article better sentence?
-Yes, I did; I used wordtune.com
